OK so let's create a function to render this want to go right here at the top and before render data
I'm going to create a function that is going to render this Quon.
OK.
So we can make it a fat zero.
And then just call to pass the squat squat.
Now this.
This is it's going to be an array of objects.
I made a mistake.
I call the Reds or data is going to be called render squar good.
So this is going to be an array.
So we need to map over it.
So I'm going to say return and then we want to map squad and then squad is going to be map and map right.
So again with each map we're going to pass an item and then just run a function.
We want it to return soon GSX.
So we're going to create a div and return everything inside a container.
So we need a key for each map.
So we're going to pass the item that name could pass whatever we want in a past class name and the class
name is going to be equal to item that player that wrapper.
So now what we need to do we have just an image to render something you know this could be an avatar
and I was going to get a lot of work to create some database and bring all the original images from
the to the players.
And you know there are not real players.
Roberto Roboto Yeah it's not Michael Jackson Yeah.
OK.
So let's bring the image for that.
Just a dummy image.
So first we will need the image.
So I'm going to say EMG and then for Slash to close it and say Allt and then opening close.
Item that name we're going to bring the source so it can be source and we can use template strings to
bring the source.
And it's going to be stored in images for Slash Avatar.
And this is going to be fixed our time that P and G.
All else we need to bring the name of the player.
So I'm going to say it for you to create an 84 and then inside I'm going to bring the item name.
Let me check what's going on right here.
OK.
So we get that drunk.
We have to add a lot of styles of course.
Now we can have just the data.
The other player you know the points for game the average per game assistance assistance per game no
wherever.
So we're going to just close it and going to create a container for this.
No not not.
I'm just going to create notes I'm going to say Dev and each div it's going to be just a node you know
because we get a short clip classis.
So just going to create a template of this of each node.
So you get to say node and now we need to pass some attributes of the players I'm going to say spam
and each attribute is going to be inside this van and this one is going to be the number and says we
want the number.
This is going to be in the database.
So we say item that number could get a copy because it's just a template and instead of number it's
going to be points per game and the points per game is going to be PBG right click Create a node create
a new one.
You can have assistance pre-game assists per game is a PGE if you're not a big fan of the NBA now it's
just the amount of passes with scoring.
Then we have a new node and it's going to be RPG.
I really don't know what this is.
No RPG.
It's like a gun or something like that.
I don't know.
Not a big game or two.
OK.
So I'm going to go back reload the page and then we just get the data.
You know it's really easy to get data inside of an array.
No it's really really simple.
When once you get used to it it's just copy pasting.
OK so everything looks nice should be working fine.
It's not because we need to add of course a lot of Starling's.
So let's go to the next section of the styles for this and just call today.
OK let's go to the next section.